my god she's something oh I'm not Drake
that's right he's not Drake
he's tons were more a Drake's evil twin
is this true yes yes it is true and I
know this because because he pretended
to be Drake to sleep with me and then he
told me he would run away with me and he
did it and you left the toilet seat up
you bastard fight me changing the
channel oh that's great why don't you
tell mommy on me mommy in this little
play all right look I refuse to get
sucked into this like weird little
Geller dimension thing okay so I'm gonna
go and take a nice long hot bubble bath
because you kids are driving me crazy
okay all right we have a problem well
why don't you just reach out and take
his trampoline okay the dog will lick
himself but he will not touch your
sandwich what does that he's not gonna
eat it I will I'll do crazy feet
he's just a little dog okay so can I
have my hat back no there's only one
Banana Nut muffin left
well order mine first yeah but I'm I'm
so much faster give it to me
no give it to me okay you can have it
here you go enjoy your coffee
that was there when I got here
you guys you will never guess who's
coming to New York quick Phoebe tell us
before you can swallow okay I went out
with who's in the Navy doing out with a
guy in the Navy yeah I met him when I
was playing guitar in Washington Square
Park Ryan threw in saltwater taffy
because he didn't have any change
hey is that when you wrote saltwater
taffy man no no he is my submarine guy
he resurfaces like every couple years
and we have the most amazing three days
together only this time he's going for
two weeks two whole weeks which means
yay so wait this guy goes down for like
two years at a time
mm-hmm that'll teach you to lick my
lemon